{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red179\green179\blue179;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 from codeine.io exercise in class week5\
\
JS:\
// NOTE: Use jQuery selectors and the .html() and .text() methods to perform the following:\
\
// 1: Use .text() to change the text inside of the <div id="lead"> to 'this is a lead!' - what happens to the <h1> when .text() is used?\
$("#lead").text("this is a lead!");\
\
// 2: Use .text() to change the text inside of the <h1> nested inside of the <header>\
$("header h1").text("Hello");\
\
// 3: Use .html() to change the HTML inside of the <div class="content"> to contain '<p>this is a paragraph</p>'\
$(".content").html("<p>this is a paragraph</p>");\
\
// 4: Use .html() to change the HTML inside of the <a> tags in the <header> to contain '<span>this is a link</span>'\
$("header a").html("<span>this is a link</span>");\
\
// 5 - CLICK EXERCISE: Use .click() to trigger a function when id=submit is clicked; this function should add text inside of id=container\
$("#submit").click(addText);\
\
function addText()\{\
  $("#container").text("I am some new text.");\
\}\
\
HTML:\
<header>\
  <h1>This is a Header!</h1>\
  <nav>\
    <a href="#">Social</a>\
    <a href="#">About</a>\
    <a href="#">Links</a>\
  </nav>  \
</header>\
\
<hr>\
\
<div id="lead">\
  <h1>This is an engaging lead that makes you want to continue reading!</h1>\
</div>\
\
<hr>\
\
<div class="content">\
  Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.  \
</div>\
\
<div class="content">\
  Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.  \
</div>\
\
<div class="content">\
  Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.  \
</div>\
\
<button id="submit">Click Me!</button>\
\
<div id="container"></div>\
\
result:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hello\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s.codepen.io/boomerang/c57c82341b6d96996e90b1d394f90f301472328861660/index.html?editors=101#"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 this is a link}}
\b0\fs24  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s.codepen.io/boomerang/c57c82341b6d96996e90b1d394f90f301472328861660/index.html?editors=101#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 this is a link}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s.codepen.io/boomerang/c57c82341b6d96996e90b1d394f90f301472328861660/index.html?editors=101#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 this is a link}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 this is a lead!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 this is a paragraph\
this is a paragraph\
this is a paragraph\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf2 \cb4 Click Me!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 I am some new text.\
}